It turns out that the money really belongs to Ning Zhiqing
Isn't this a thief shouting to catch a thief?
The evidence is in someone else's hands
I have no evidence at all
He also said that someone else stole from him
How is that possible?
When did you write your name on my mountain?
How dare you rob?
Here's my money.
You give it back to me
Enough Tang Zhiqing has made enough trouble?
Just scare others into committing crimes
Li Yan
Deputy Secretary Li
Maybe I remember wrong.
My 10 bucks.
It should be in Xiaoxia's workbook.
Yes, yes, in my study book
It seems that there is a real 10 yuan.
Before returning the sword to you
And apologize for the misunderstanding just now
I think you are a first offender
The brigade can't remember
Even if it's a misunderstanding
It's always true that he stole organization's desks and chairs, right?
Didn't I say
This is what the old man lent me
If you don't believe me, you can ask.
Also rely on accounting
The warehouse he opened for me in the morning
Oh, yeah, I remember now.
I saw accountant Lai this morning
I went to the primary school warehouse with Ning Yuan
It was really messy just now, I didn't remember it for a while
I see.
I don't think you two are like that either
Secretary Li, you didn't say that just now
Since Tang Zhenzhen framed me
Then he should apologize to me